Charttype : The charttype defines the type of chart which is to be rendered. 
	Has to be a String. There is no default for this parameter.

	Supported charts and their charttype strings:
	- Bar Chart : 'Bar'
	- Line Chart : 'Line'
	- Stacked Bar Chart : 'StackedBar'
	- Step Up Bar Chart : 'StepUpBar'
	- Area Chart : 'Area'
	- Stacked Area Chart : 'StackedArea'
	- Percent Bar Chart : 'PercentBar'
	- Percent Area Chart : 'PercentArea'
	- Pie Chart : 'Pie'
	- Donut Chart : 'Donut'

Graphdef : This parameter defines the data being represented in the graph.
	Has to be a Object with all definite entries.

	'categories' : Array of Strings representing the different categories/chartgroups to be rendered. Chart objects are drawn in order in which they appear in this array so the order also needs to be specified within this array.
		Has to be Array[String]. Compulsory. No Defaults.
		ex: categories : ['Sri Lanka', 'South Africa', 'Australia']

	'dataset' : Object containing the details of measures to be represented in the chart. It should contain array of Objects for each category specified in graphdef.categories with respective category as the key.
		Has to be an Object.
		ex : dataset : {
			'Sri Lanka' : [],
			'South Africa' : [],
			'Australia' : []
		}

	Note : Dataset should contain all keys from the categories array to function as expected. If any more are provided in the dataset, it would be neglected and have no effect on the graph.

Config : The config object is itself split into many groups of related properties to make one's life easier. 

'graph' : This group contains properties related to the Graph at the highest level.
	
	graph.palette : The color group used while drawing the elements of the chart. We have a limited set of color groups at the moment and will add the ability to add custom color groups and override this manually soon.
		Current color groups supported are:
			Plain, Simple, RGB, Olive, Soil and Sky, Candid, Sulphide, New Moon, Nature, Earth, Sea, Lemon, Water, Grass, Hash, Soft, Brink, Bright, Lint

	graph.background : Background color for the graph [note: The graph includes the chart and other elements]
		Can be any color, hexadecimal color code and html color strings are accepted.

	graph.orientation: Orientation of the graph
		Can be Horizontal or Vertical.

'meta' : This group contains meta information related to the graph and its position
	meta.position : This defines the selector on which element the chart is embedded/appended.
		Has to be a CSS Selector like 'div#myChart', 'div.proChart' etc

	meta.caption : The caption of the graph which is placed on top of the chart
		Can be any String

	meta.subcaption : Subcaption of the graph which is placed below the caption
		Can be any String

	meta.hlabel : Axis Label for the horizontal axis of the chart
		Can be any String.

	meta.hsublabel : Axis Sublabel for the horizontal axis of the chart
		Can be any String

	meta.vlabel : Axis Label for the vertical axis of the chart
		Can be any String

	meta.vsublabel : Axis Sublabel for the vertical axis of the chart
		Can be any String

'dimension' : This group contains information related to the dimensions of the graph
	dimension.height : This attributes corresponds to the height of the chart in pixels
		Has to be a Number. Default: 400

	dimension.width : This attributes corresponds to the width of the chart in pixels
		Has to be a Number. Default: 400

'margin' : This group contains information related to the margins of the graph which corresponds to the place where the axis labels, legends and captions are placed.
	margin.top : The margin space at the top of the graph.
		Has to be a Number. Default: 50

	margin.bottom : The margin space at the bottom of the graph.
		Has to be a Number. Default: 90

	margin.right : The margin space at the right of the graph.
		Has to be a Number. Default: 100

	margin.left : The margin space at the left of the graph.
		Has to be a Number. Default: 100

'frame' : This group contains information related to the frame of the graph. Frame is the place where the chart is rendered.
	frame.bgcolor : Specifies the background color of the frame and effectively the chart, remember the graph still has margins.
		Has to be a hexadecimal string representing a valid html color or a html color name. Default: 'white'


